Wú Qǐ Bái
Qín Ruò Yǔ humiliated you like that
Are you just
Going to swallow this anger?
What can I do if I can’t swallow it?
That’s the Qín family
Could it be
For my momentary rage
I’d gamble the entire Wú family?
But
Enough
Think about Fù Jiā Hào
Back then, the Fù family
Was so mighty and grand
Dominating Dōng Hǎi’s elite
And what happened?
Ignorant of life and death, they provoked the Qín family
And ended up crushed to pieces
Leaving behind
A broken family
Sī Sī
Do you want to
Go through that again?
No
I don’t want to
This Sī Sī
Sometimes
You don’t need to be too stubborn
Though the Wú family
Can’t compare to the Qín family
But
It’s still a major clan
We live well
And that’s enough
Right
Good girl
What a useless coward
No way
My weakness is in
Qín Ruò Yǔ’s hands
Who knows what she’ll do
To me
I have to find a way
To erase that video